hello my dear friends and welcome to my
channel today I'm going to teach you
different ways you can say I don't like
it because saying I don't like it is a
little offensive sometimes and Western
culture and English language it's all
about being polite it's all about being
a little evasive about your true
feelings because you don't want to hurt
people like if somebody gives you a cake
and you don't like it you don't just say
I don't like it you're trying to be more
polite in this situation and this video
is brought to you by Lakota so I'm gonna
talk about their newsprint
in this video and before we start please
smash the like button below this video
so the algorithm knows that this video
is worth recommending to other English
language students and if you annoy us
subscribe this channel there's a red
button below hit subscribe
let's start with being polite aspect of
this video so what does that mean when
you don't like something you don't just
say I don't like it you start with
something encouraging when I was doing
my filmmaking course in Los Angeles I
was learning to be a director of a movie
and whenever I didn't like the acting
off some actors that were in my movie I
would tell them hey stop I don't like it
let's do it again my teacher would
always approach me and tell me Marina
you cannot do this in America maybe this
is the Russian way to do it and yes this
is the Russian way to do it of Russians
are very straightforward she told me
that in America what we do we say excuse
me I really like your acting you've done
an amazing job there's just one thing I
wanted to change a little bit in the
next shoot that we do maybe you could do
this this and that so instead of just
telling your person how bad they are you
actually tell them how great they are
and then you tell them about things that
can be worked on and this is the way to
do that in the Western culture and
actually like it it makes me feel more
at ease instead of just receiving
critics now that we're finished with the
cultural aspect we can go straight into
the English language part and with the
English language part you know we've
done a lot of classes on this channel
where i help you replace different
phrases like i don't like it as one of
those phrases it's nice as one of those
phrases i try to teach you synonyms so
you can diversify your speech so in
terms of item like it you can say ideas
like it which is a little more advanced
and it's a little more formal so if
you're in a formal meeting and somebody
gives you a proposal of course you start
with oh the proposal is great i like
this and this aspect of it but i dislike
that you're doing this this and that
that's the way to tell it
just like that expression immensely you
can also say I'm not interested you can
say your proposal is great but I'm not
really interested in jumping on it in
the next few weeks cuz I'm on my
maternity leave instead of saying I
don't like it you say I'm not really
interested
I'm not interested if you're unhappy
with somebody's actions you can tell
them I don't really appreciate you being
rude with me in public for example I
don't appreciate it same way it's a
synonym to I don't like it I don't
appreciate it ok now let's jump on to
the informal section I'm sure you've
heard this hundreds of times I'm not
into it and I'm not into you I'm not
into playing sports
I'm not into speaking other languages
just English to be into something is to
like something and we're trying to
diversify your speech and learn new
phrases so another way to say I don't
like it
is to say I'm not into it I'm not into
labels and I've heard this phrase many
times when there is a movie scene where
a guy asks a girl to go out the girl
says I'm not really into you I'm sorry I
don't want to date you that means that I
don't really like you I'm sorry I don't
want to date you
I'm not into you I'm not fond of it
another great phrase I'll tell you my
story where I can use this phrase when I
was 17 years old I went into a theme
park in st. Petersburg and it was an
amazing roller coaster and I was super
excited to be on it but then there was
this safety thing that was on top of me
and you go up and down and it's supposed
to protect you and it slipped up when we
were on the roller coaster and I was so
so scared so what I could do I could
actually drag it back to me so at least
I could feel safe but I was so so scared
I was only 17 years old and I've heard
of people getting injured on such
rollercoasters so since then I'm not
really fond of him
and whenever I go to a theme park with
my friends I just don't take any
rollercoasters I just watch them may be
makin vlog take some pictures for
Instagram but I'm no longer fund of
roller coasters cuz that I think I've
got this trauma now and I just don't
want to risk my life I'm not really fond
of roller coasters I'm not too fond of
that name I'm not crazy about it is
another phrase and I would use it when I
go out for lunch and somebody would tell
me like hey do you want to grab so she
and I like yeah we're good
I'm not crazy about it which means I'm
okay it's not like a strong phrase I'm
okay with good grab sushi but I'm not
really crazy about it maybe we could do
pasta because I'm crazy about Italian
food that's an example I'm not crazy
about it's not for me another phrase for
example somebody tells you hey have you
seen the latest Netflix TV show about a
guy who murders people all the time and
you're like it's not for me I don't like
that genre I like comedies I like love
movies I like sci-fi but I don't like
watching other people kill other people
so it's not for me it's not for me I'm
not much of a any insert a word person
I'll give you an example my husband
loves to go to movie theaters and I just
think that I can watch everything at
home once it's out and I just don't see
the point of going to movie theaters
especially if the movies a little weird
we went to see Once Upon a Time in
Hollywood and I wish I actually read a
story before I watched it I wish I could
watch it at home so I could pause and
read Wikipedia but we went to a movie
theater and I
just had to wash it and I didn't really
get it the time I wash it so I'm not
much of a movie theater person I'm more
of a person who stays at home and
watches TV shows on Netflix I know much
of a museum guy and before we move on to
the next phrases I would love to tell
you about a product by lingo de that is
: gota sprint this sprint allows you to
learn four languages English German
Spanish and French or business English
and it doesn't matter what level of the
language you have right now they have
different groups so you can be beginner
intermediate advanced what is this
sprint so during the sprint you take
classes of your chosen language every
day and if you take them every day for
three months you get 100% refund and
this is their way to help you and
motivate you learn language consistently
because this is something that really
works in any activity that you do you
can do super sprint
that means you're taking classes every
day you're getting 100% of your money
back and you can also do sprint where
you take 15 classes a month for three
months and you get 50% of your money
back and what I like about ligado is you
can take classes from anyway you are the
group's
tend to be small so you have like three
people in a group online so that means
you get individual attention you don't
need to buy any textbooks you don't need
to buy the actual books because they're
going to provide all the course
materials for you and of course all the
teachers are qualified they native
speakers so no weird accents out there
the sprint starts on April 8th 2020 and
lasts until July 6th 2020 you can join
the sprint in English German French
Spanish and business English one thing
to remember is that you need to
sign up before March 24th and in order
to sign up and reserve your spot and by
the way the number of spots is limited
you need to pay 49 your deposit which if
you follow the rules will be refunded to
you later and if you're watching this
video you're getting a special from me
you're getting 10 years off your deposit
please use the link below use my promo
code and you're gonna get 10 years off
your deposit the link in description
below I encourage you to take this lingo
to Sprint and follow the rules for the
super sprint so you can get all your
money back which means you're actually
studying and language for free now the
next race that you can say instead of
saying I don't like it you can say I'll
pass you're invited to go out on the
Saturday night and you decide to stay
home and learn a language so you tell
your friends sorry guys I'll pass well
probably if you're in America I wouldn't
pass cuz then you can interact with
native speakers but for the learning
purposes are you gonna say LSAT so I'll
pass means you're not really interested
you don't like the idea of going
somewhere you like the idea of staying
at home and learning a language I'll
pass thanks the next phrase is really
direct and this really straightforward
and this isn't a phrase that you would
use in a business meeting or in a formal
interaction this is something that you
would use with really close friends like
somebody is trying to kiss you on the
cheek and you can't I I can't stand it I
don't like people kissing me all the
time I can't stand people kissing me all
the time so the phrases I can't stand it
again it's really strong I wouldn't use
it in a business environment I wouldn't
use it in a class I would only use it
with your close friends I can't stand it
anymore
another strong phrase it drives me crazy
and when you say to the intonation that
I've used right now people are gonna
understand that you hate something it's
even stronger than I don't like it it's
actually hating the weather in the
winter drives me crazy I hate snow
I hate let us always start I feel
depressed when tert rides me crazy it
just drives me crazy the next race is a
little British it's not my cup of tea
I'm losing my British accent I used to
mimic it so close to reality but now
just gone I'm going to the UK in the
summer so hopefully I'll get it back
yeah it's not my cup of tea it's a way
to say that again you don't like it it's
just an expression that a lot of people
use in Great Britain but I've also heard
it in America yeah it's not my cup of
tea but you know and the last but not
the least is very American it's not my
thing it's not my thing you know you can
use it for almost anything if somebody
is asking you what kind of sport do you
do you say it's not my thing
I don't do sports at all I just sit at
home and watch TV that was it for me for
today guys thank you so much for
watching this video up to the very end
don't forget to hit the like button and
don't forget to subscribe this channel
to not miss my next videos about English
language and life in the United States
of America this is marina talking to you
from San Francisco California see you
very soon on this channel bye bye